im just gonna watch youtube on mine so like 256 is more then enough for me
It breaks my heart when Marques called the MacBook a computer. It's not a personal computer! Apple didn't pay $100 million for the marketing campaign to call MacBooks computers. Please respect the angelic and otherworldly quality of Apple products. 🌈
Do I need to also upgrade the ram is the 512gbs of storage and the 8 GBs of ram Enough
it only supports one external display which is so stupid. just get the mac mini
Can honestly say that Ive never come anywhere near storing 250GB on any machine in nearly 30 years of having PC's, there was a time when PC games coming out on discs, yeah discs, started getting larger & made me think about it but games now, I don't play them any more, are mostly to my knowledge cloud based or not played on laptops right now, Xbox, PLaystaion etc, 
 I have a 256GB HD with 173GB open, my photos & videos are stored online for almost nothing, so what are users storing that's so large & if you have online cloud storage why do you have large files on a HD, as for the RAM, from what i've seen on YT the upgrade here allows to you to process videos faster & have many windows open, but who does that with the widows, i've never had more than 3 or 4 browser windows open and I would imagine that the processor power may cut time down but again from the videos I've seen its really negligible, are people really that time crunched these days, my thoughts, set the "job" to run, go get a coffee & enjoy it, go on your iPad, what ever,

Now I am thinking seriously of upgrading to the MacBook Air M2 for the much improved screen over my 2017 MacBook Ai,  but for me, base model all the way,
That intro sound though
I'm new to apple products, I'm planning of getting my first macbook, mostly the M2 Air, But with the price point; Should I get that or get the M1-512gb. I just joined college, Don't do gaming or video editing or any such stuff, Just AutoCAD software And word excel etc.. Will the M2 be an overkill with 512gb SSD ?
Hi, would upgrading the M2 MBA SSD from 512 to 1 TB has any potential drawbacks. Money is not an issue. And I don't want an MBP 14-inch as it is heavier than MBA.
The new Macbook Air2 is great, but the battery is not as good as they say it is. It will last for 8-9 hours, not 18. That's a huge difference !
who makes your intros man !!
M1 is still a champ. Very heat and energy efficient, still packs a punch. Very good cheap from Apple.
Yes, the M1 is still excellent. Apple Silicon does not improve generation to generation the way Intel/ AMD did back in the early days. The improvements seem to be mor in the number of different types of cores- gpu, efficiency etc. and upgrading a matter of choosing the right configuration for your individual workflow. My M1 is way better than it needs to be for sill photo editing and limited video editing. Apple putting a slower SSD in a computer with a more powerful chip in the base air is a real amateur move.
I have a 2013 air that still works but it’s time to upgrade and I’m struggling between the m2 air and the iPad Pro m2
Can you upgrade the 256gb after purchasing it? I don’t know how laptops work
Apple consistently screws their customers like this.  The 8GB/256GB model should be at MOST $899.  

NEVER buy the base model of anything.  Ever.  If you can't afford the extra $400 to upgrade to the 16GB/512 model don't bother.  BUT if you opt for those necessary upgrades, you are within $300 or so of the new 2023 Macbook Pro 14" M2 Pro.  So if you don't have $2k then you probably shouldn't bother at all with Apple products.
I’m still rocking my mid 2015 15” pro with 16gigs of ram replace my own battery last year and it’s doing pretty good. Anyways was looking at this new apple silicon macbooks since my girlfriend got the M1 air and I find that M2 airs form factor (lightweight and shape like you mentioned) appealing with the M2 performance but at that price I need to add the 16gigs of ram (not going back to 8 after using 16 for almost 7years now) so at that point im almost at the macbook pro price but i dont have the xdr display or any of the other performance goodies that the pro has. Knowing me I’ll end up getting the 14” M2 Pro when the time comes just because in the end after the upgrades to the M2 air it ends up being a bit overpriced when compared to the pro
Bruh i already got it im currently using it
$999 on discount or $850 "open box" from best buy.  The cost to upgrade the SSD and ram are so high that I'd consider taking the risk on the cheaper version and reassess in a few years to see where hardware requirements are.   I lose $400 if it doesn't pay off but get a new laptop presumably in a few years based on that bad bet.  We shall see.

Honest disclosure:  I'm still using my 2013 Macbook Pro, so what do I know.
What is daft punk doing in the background ?
*watching from a macbook air m2* "fuck"
will the 256MB disk speed be noticeable as a casual / non video-music-photo editing media consumer?
@Kowalski ok awesome that info helps, thanks for responding ! 🙏🏻
@Zackary Haddon I have the 8GB base model.
@Kowalski Thank you for that! One question, do you have 8 or 16gb of RAM?
No. I have it for 6 months. There are no issues for casual use, it’s super fast.
3:40 If a 12" MacBook/Air was released with an M1/M2, I'd buy one in a heartbeat. I had a 2016, I sold it and bought a 2020 13" MBP, and have regrets :(
I have the m2 and I love it
Costco sells the 256gb version right now till 1/22/23 for 999.99
If the M1 came in the 1080 camera, i'd get the M1
I got a M1 this year for school M2 didn’t seem a big enough upgrade imo 
Midnight color is awesome though.
i dont have any macbook but im considering buying one. What do u guys recommend; shall i buy the macbook air m2 base now or wait for the new modells coming approximately march 2023?
subscribed because of the glitter bomb threat. phew.
You can now find the base M2 for $999. Is upgrading to the 16gb ram, 10gpu, 512gb storage ($1699) worth the extra $700??
Find it where?
Now you can get the 256GB version for $1000 at Amazon, but $512GB will add $300-$450 to it.  DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT to pay so much more for 256GB more SSD memeory
would you reccomend upgrading the m1 to the 512gb or do you think 256 is fine, it will be used lightly to take notes
if only notes then 256 is fine
I'm stuck air m2 or pro m1
Short of saying get the 14” MBP. There must be a huge inventory of unsold MBP 14”.
MacBook Air M2 512GB 16GB is a very powerful laptop and we use it to drive Logic Pro, its super fast and responsive. We use a large monitor in the studio so this just sits in the back ground. A wireless apple keyboard and mouse complete the set up. However we do use iCloud to store files for safe keeping.
if a few hundred is nothing to you, go for upgrade. but the price difference for a raid config 2x nand drive setup isn't worth it for most ppl. In the linked review with Marques, he states you can feel the performance difference when having many Chrome tabs open. That's not the case because you'll hit a bottleneck from Chrome memory limit settings way before then and the first hardware limits you'll run into are ram and cpu. The first practical limits you hit are your network speed.

tldr: if you're not doing disk-intensive local ops on your pc (like a creator would), you don't need to upgrade beyond the base model.
From a college student's perspective, wouldn't a base model be more than enough for everyday tasks? I mean if you have a valid outlook email with your institution, you already get 5TB of OneDrive for free and leave that SSD to have fun by itself. So my confusion lies with: is it worth upgrading to just do college stuff and no 4K video editing or other heavy-duty stuff?
@Nicolai Bülow I am thinking the same thing
That's exactly what I'm thinking lmao. 256 GB is a LOT, like what should you use so much space for, if it weren't for heavy video editing or  gaming??
I've used my  base model M2 Air for about 3 months, and I have not once been disappointed or frustrated. I'm a musician and compose in Ableton Live, and it just pops open, not even a noticeable lag. Everything I do on the base model in every application is super fast, and it doesn't overheat. I make short videos for my music, in iMovie and Davinci and it's again, super fast, no lag. What fingerprints? I have the Midnight blue and I don't have fingerprints all over my M2 Air after three months of use. The keyboard is buttery soft and I can type super fast. Finally, the best thing about the M2 Air (and M1) is Touch ID which saves me literally HOURS per day for not having to futz around with passwords. Passwords are the biggest time-waster in the computer world. Get back hours of your day not watching spinning beachballs and trying to recall or reset passwords. Buy a base model M2 Air and save yourself a bundle of money on upgrades you don't need. Buy yourself a new bicycle.
For the record never buy this Macs from Apple :) I purchase silver color 10 core gpu,24 gb ram,2 tb with 3 years Apple care for $1750 from eBay 
Which is I fucking love this Air ,easy to carry around and you can do whatever job u wanna do with it
Glitter bomb🎉🎉🎉😂😂😂
What if you stick with safari and not use chrome on m2 macbook air 256gb? Does the memory problem of it being slow still happens ?
serious question, 
How does the macbook air 13 inch 16gb 256ssd 2022 m2 compare to Micrsoft surface 2017 16gb ram 500gb ssd??
Should i switch??
For you guys yer you would need top of the line mac as you do most of if not all your work, editing and what not. But for average user like myself base model would be suffficnent. But I always bump up to 512gb anyway
Damm, that first shoot with the camera rotation and focusing on the keyboard, zooming in on the M and the animation. Great job guys!
The midnight M2 Air is such a beautiful device, but looking at the specs and benchmarks I couldn't see how it justifies being so much more than the M1. After watching several youtube reviews, I'm sort of relieved that I'm not the only one thinking so as well, but also kinda sad cause I kinda still want one lol.
I got it. I love it. To office work is ideal. Programmers and creators should simply go with mac pro thats it. Everything is about what is the purpose of using it - office and casual - air, performance work - Pro. Simple
It seems as thought if you’re the kind of person who only needs the base model (and money is a factor) the base model m1 is more than enough.

If money is no factor and you only need the base model then get the M2 because bling baby!
Anyone who’s complaining about fingerprints on a MacBook Air wasn’t around to suffer Windows Me…😎
Good review.  I have 7+ year laptop with 32gb memory and crazy base models low side memory and ssd.  16gb memory and fast 512gb hard disk should be the norm.  Read that m1 has faster harddisk! May just be the 256 variant.
Super helpful, thank you!
anyone got the title of the outro song?
kinda have to disagree with you on that would not recommend adding more specs to the m2 air as the price will go near 2k and i would just spend the money on a 14 inch pro. Thats why i think its better to get the BASE model macbook air for most people
I got the base m2 air at Best Buy for 1,059 bucks, I can’t stay off this damn computer lol it replaces my 10 year old 15” MacBook Pro so, the ssd issue doesn’t effect me none. Check out the Art is Right channel who did a video on it, in 99.9% of cases, upgrade the ram, it’ll be way more worth it vs upgrading the storage, I don’t need storage either cuz I have the cloud so, I’m happy with it so far. I still can return this laptop til January 14th but unfortunately, you can’t buy an M2 air at best buy with 16 gb of ram
In the Eu it is even more expensive
Just got it and this is suggested to me
1:45
The threat at the end of the video is not okay. Right back at you!
never ever use chrome as your main browser..Use Firefox as your default and only chrome for sites that don't play nice with Firefox..
And then go in to Firefox about:config that's the way to get in to the settings of fireFox.. i have tweaked a couple of settings that minimize the number of writes to my SSD..  Something you can't do on chrome.. sure the quality of SSD means you don't really have to care.. But i do.. because i keep my laptops for 7yr or longer..from main machine to couch machine haha
I bought the base m1 MacBook pro for 1200$
I regret not getting the m2 air or the m2 MacBook pro...
I suggest people not to watch so many reviews that you end up confused overall...
Go with your guts and use your own brain
Is the MacBook Air M1 worth getting when I can find it for $800
I disagree with this analysis, if you currently have a laptop that has 128gb of storage, getting the base model is good move. I currently have a macbook air 2019 with 128gb with intel processor of course, so this macbook is a good buy
My m1 air died after 1 year because of heavy use. I think the fanless design caused the dead :/
Where I live the 512 GB version is about 650€ more expensive....
Someone just brought me a m2 pro 13in. Think I can trade it In for the air? Literally only because the colors and the wider screen. Every thing else I can care less about
Does the SSD-upgrade also apply to the Pro M2?
Just curious ..  why you guys wear headphone while discussing stuff in the same room ?
Thanks for sharing. On my side:
-I don’t even need 256 gigs on a MacBook as all my files are in the cloud. I would guess a lot of users have the same use case 
-Slower SSD: yes but not really. It’s still blazing fast. And I don’t use Chrome anyway so don’t need much memory swap
You both sound ALIKE!!! Closed my eyes and didn’t know who was who…
The upgraded version isn't worth the money.
Why don't they say "THE" when talking about the Macbook and other Apple products?
M1 Design is way better, feels better too.
Apple know how to give clear price ladder, we as a customer end up with expending more.
Saw this to late
Easy to say for people who have the money to choose whichever they want and not just what they can afford.
People who are worried about value should avoid Apple entirely. Windows equivalents to the base M2 Air are like $400 cheaper.
I’ve never used a MacBook and have wanted one for ages, I’m so close to buying the M2 but I’ll only be using it for day to day browsing and work
What if you’ve never owned a MacBook and this is your first buy ?
even with the base m2 air model, i have no issues with speed or heat when doing simple video editing (1080/4k) in something like iMovie, with multiple browsers and apps running in the back. People these days are spoiled!  It'll do more than fine for anyone on the hobbyist side of things, whether it be film editing, recording music, playing games, whatever.  If you're doing that stuff at a more advanced level, you won't even be considering this product in the first place.
Imagine the shit apple got away with before review channels existed
im watching this on a base model m2 MacBook Air
Works fine for me.
I really like how the Air 2 looks however looking at what I use as a programmer. I need 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage, which puts me really close to the PRO series in terms of price. I'm waiting till november/december to see if apple updates their pro 14/16 inch models and then recheck which laptop is worth buying. Currently on a 2014 macbook pro  😅
Hi, would upgrading the M2 MBA SSD from 512 to 1 TB has any potential drawbacks? I mean with MBA M2 SSD 512 (or 1TB ) and 16GB RAM -- then all the issues it has will be solved? Money is not an issue. And I don't want an MBP 14-inch as it is heavier than MBA. Thanks! (By the way, I'm just a regular user)
Man I am a little late to the party here, I have the same struggle as you but I just got an M2 Air that’s custom to order so it has 16 GB of RAM. Loving it so far. It is like a few hundred dollars more expensive though, but it’s still cheaper than the 2021 Pro which I have been eyeing for a while.
Hey! I'm in digital marketing and my main work normally revolves around switching around LOADS of Chrome tabs. Do you think the M2 MBA would be good enough?
Managed to get a m1 air for $719 at Best Buy this past weekend. So far I love it
@THOM Gizziz swing and a miss
Yeah because you bought an open box... it was 900 but now cheaper because it is used by maybe more than one person for who knows how long.
Problem with Apple high pricing is that once you put in 16gb ram and 256gb storage, you get almost the same price as the 14" MBP on sale for $1599... That is a much better machine but some people really like the smaller form factor of the air. Tim Cook Wallet.
here's another catch that severly impact any productivity worker who need to work with sheets or Excel, or lots of documents: it only support 1 external display. That is super annoying when even the cheapest windows laptop support 2-3 natively easily without any dock. Display link sucks.
kiram dahanet
I have a Macbook Pro M1 with 8GB ram. I ordered a 16GB but my IT department apparently ordered an 8GB RAM in stead. First few months it was great, now it's slow as fuck, looking at replacing it already
Why ls video editing so important all of a sudden. Is everyone suddenly a youtuber nowadays?. Even the base model is more than enough for like 99% of working people and students.
Even 512gb of storage is small, and dongles are super annoying.
8gb of ram means you'll have small problems multitasking from time to time, depending.
But if you are a casual user (mostly a web surfer, simple video editing, music) you'll be happy with this for 5 to 10 years.
Macs don't have that slow creep effect like PC do, a ten year old MacBook will run just as smooth as it did on day 1.
If only. Also 2010 called and want their stereotypes back. Smh
My MacBook Air 2018 with 128gb and still has plenty memory lol, I think you should recommend to an specific audience because some people will do wonders with 256gb.
💯
If you have to spec up, it makes more sense to get the 14" MacBook Pro M1. If that machine is discounted $400 USD, that's the best deal.
watching this on my newly purchased base model m2
instead of upgrading the m2 to 512ssd, the m1 512 can compensate for the advantages of the m2 over the m1?
No
Im watching this on my base model M2 MacBook Air
You can get a m1 macbook pro 14 for 1600 bucks at costco... I think I might go that route.
And you can get a notebook with a 3080 for that price which will blow any macbook away with video rendering or playing games... the point is you need to look at what you need it to do not some weird "value" analysis to trick yourself into buying something because you want it.
Why, in God’s name, would anyone use Chrome?
new M1 MacBook Pros - "16" and 14" tonight. The body is squared off and thicker than my 2019 MBP. WHAT??? And it feels cheap, not like the former Airplane Grade aluminum. You knock on it and it feels hollow-ish. And the bottom feet are harder than previous models, almost like a cell phone case that is hard plastic and sort of hits the desk too hard. I am pretty disappointed. Why, Apple, Why?
Also avoid the base M2 MacBook Pro. My god I’ve never been more disappointed in a computer. I have a bunch of tabs open for school and it completely throttles!! Screw that!
what laptop is marques using in this video?
The base model IS perfect for 80% people out there!
